hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're going
to be talking about the 2012 film The
Hunger Games the first film of The
Hunger Games series so let's get started
the film takes place in the dystopian
futuristic country of Panem led by
President Snow
Panem is divided into two primary
regions the capital which is a wealthy
and ruling nation and the districts the
districts are the poor regions divided
into 12 separate districts based off of
the resources that they provide to the
capital life in the districts vary by
district to district primarily getting
worse the higher the number the district
but all the districts are pretty much
poorer than the capital in the history
of Panem
many years ago the district's tried to
rise up against the capital and failed
as punishment for the rebellion the
capital instituted a yearly event known
as The Hunger Games The Hunger Games is
a challenge where one boy and one girl
from all 12 districts ages 12 to 18 are
chosen as tributes to compete in a
battle to the death only one survivor
comes out alive and they do receive a
handsome reward but the horror being
forced into a murderous and dangerous
situation typically scars the victors
these events are televised and highly
publicized in the capital they are
exciting fun games to watch while those
in the districts watching Horrors their
children are murderer killed the film
follows Katniss Everdeen a citizen of
district 12 who volunteers in place of
her sister Prim she's also joined by
Peeta the male district 12 tribute they
are escorted from district 12 by their
chaperone Effie Trinket who is from the
capital and acclimates them to the
customs showmanship and conferences that
will occur before the Hunger Games
Katniss makes a very big presence in the
pregame events gaining great deal of
popularity they are also joined by their
mentor Haymitch Abernathy who's an
alcoholic and a pass victor of the
Hunger Games at the Capitol Katniss and
Peeta meet the tributes from the other
districts some who are friendly some who
are not and they begin their training
for the games Katniss has a history of
bow skills having spent a great deal of
time hunting with her friend and
possible romantic interest Gale however
prior to the games
and during the games Peeta and Katniss
start to develop a 40v relationship in
order to win some favor for the audience
however this relationship is not real
the games begin and it becomes a series
of different tributes either dying from
crazy environmental conditions insane
wildlife such as giant poisonous bugs
known as tracker jackers or being killed
by other tributes temporary alliances
are made and broken at the end of every
day the tributes who have died or
announced Haymitch is able to convince
crane the head GameMaker to allow there
to be one male and one female victor
this would allow both Peeta and Katniss
to win which the audience wants because
of their fake relationship Katniss and
Peeta are the last remaining tributes
both having either watched people die or
having killed people themselves and now
believe that they have won however it is
announced that there will only be one
winner and Peeta and Katniss will have
to fight to the death in a desperate
attempt Katniss convinces Peeta to eat
some poisonous nightlock berries with
her which would kill both of them she
knows that this will force the game
makers to intervene as there has to be a
living winner so the game makers stop
them and make both Katniss and Peeta the
winners of The Hunger Games Katniss is
warned that her act of defiance has
gained her some enemies head GameMaker
crane is locked in a room with a bowl of
nightlock berries by President Snow
presumably to kill himself as punishment
for allowing two winners Katniss and
Peeta returned back to district 12 and
they try to forget the events of The
Hunger Games
so that was the spoilers for the Hunger
Games if you have a film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on our various forms of social
media below and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching